adding best practices for telemetry events design (#197)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/cookbooks/events_best_practices.md

# Telemetry Events Best Practices

## Overview:

[The Telemetry Events API](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/collection/events.html) allows users to define and record events in the browser. 

Events are defined in [Events.yaml](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/toolkit/components/telemetry/telemetry/collection/events.html#the-yaml-definition-file) and each events creates records with the following properties:
* timestamp 
* category 
* method
* object 
* value 
* extra 

With the following restrictions and features: 
* The category, method, and object properties of any record produced by an event must have a value. 

> * All combinations values from the category, method, and object properties must be unique to that particular event (no other event can produce events with the same combination). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All combinations of values from the category, method, and object properties must be unique to that particular event (no other event can be registered with the same combination). 
```

* Events can be 'turned on' or 'turned off' by it's category value. i.e. we can instruct the browser to "stop sending us events from 'devtools' category."

> These records are then stored in event pings and available in the events dataset. 

Reviewer: I recommend linking out to the event pipeline and dataset docs here.

```
category = ...
AND method in [...,]
AND object in [...,]
```
which is not ideal. 

Furthermore, if one encounters this data without knowledge of how the "manage" event works, they need to look up the event based on the category, method, and object values in order to find the event, and then requery the data to find all the related events. It's not immediately clear from the data if this record: 

|timestamp| category | method  | object  | value | extra | 
|-| -------- |---------| --------|-------|-------|
|...|addonsManager|update|locale|        |...|

and and this record: 

|timestamp| category | method  | object  | value | extra | 
|-| -------- |---------| --------|-------|-------|
|...|addonsManager|install|extension|        |...|

are related or not. 

Another factor that can add to confusion is the fact that other events can share similar values for methods or objects (or even the combination of method and object). For example:

|timestamp| category | method  | object  | value | extra | 
|-| -------- |---------| --------|-------|-------|
|...|normandy|update|preference_rollout|        |...|

which can further confuser users. 

> [1]: If a user defines an event in Events.yaml without specifying a list of acceptable methods, the method will default to the name of the event for records created by that event. 

Reviewer: You may need to preface this footnote with "events do have `name` fields, but they aren't included in the event records and thus are not present in the resulting dataset. Also, If a user defines..."

#### Suggested Convention: 

To simplify things in the future, we suggest recording the event name in the category field in this format when designing new events: 

```
"category.event_name"
```

> For example: 

Reviewer: Could you expand the example? Maybe take the opportunity to show how the `addonsManager.manage` example definition above would be changed by this convention.

* ```"navigation.search"```
* ```"addonsManager.manage"```
* ```"frame.tab"```

This provides 3 advantages: 

> 1. Records produced by this event will be easily identifiable. Conversely, the event which produced the record will be easier to locate in the code. 

Reviewer: "Conversely" is usually reserved for statements that oppose the previous one. I'd go with "Also" here.

> 2. Events can be controlled easier. The category field is what we use to "turn on" and "turn off" events. By creating a 1 to 1 mapping between categories and events, we can control events on an individual level. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Events can be controlled more easily. The category field is what we use to "turn on" and "turn off" events. By creating a 1 to 1 mapping between categories and events, we can control events on an individual level. 
```
